Self Reviews:
.Contributed towards automating the testing process on production by preparing shell scripts
.Sucessfully completed the migration of more than 120 on-premise jobs of Capital One to AWS Cloud
.Strengthened skills in Python for Data Science using libraries such as Pandas, Flask, OS,SYS,argparser,smtplib,requests,subprocess
.Overcame challenges involvolved in decommisioning activities by working on weekends
.Have worked on many topgear projects of python and have successfully submitted many topgear projects
.Helped Wipro achieve a milestone on Retail Migration Project by putting up extra efforts and staying up late to resolve situations as quickly as possible.

.Automated manual work using Python script and got opportunities to work on design activity. 
.I have added my automation to uDeploy and Jenkins to automate the complete process.
.I worked with uDeploy rest API ,Jenkins API, Git API to automate uDeploy components version adding using Jenkins.
.Experienced inBuild and Release Engineer in automating, building, deploying, and releasing of code in different environments.
.Upskilled myself within a time period of 2-3 months to contribute towards devepos environment.

Improvement Areas:
.Need to improve the skillset on devepos environment,maven ,gardle etc.

Future Focus Areas:
.In the upcoming quarter my goal is to become AWS certified developer associate.
Moreover, I will try to put my knowledge and skill-set for automation of tasks in wellsfargo account.


Awards and Recognition:
.Received AUTOMATION CHAMPION AWARD and Client appreciations for exceptional work from capitalone clients
.Received round of Applause from client for exceptional performance in Capital One
.Received Victory League[Going Beyond Deliverables] for automating the processes involved in migration

Trainings:
.Completed AWS ML training in wipro.
.Engagement in Python Academy - Wipro to build relevant solutions for customers
.Completed Python flask in Udemy to enhance basic understanding over the concepts and have made a basic website using flask
.Engagement in devepos trainings in Udemy
.Enrolled in Ultimate AWS Certified Developer Associate course in Udemy